Hirica (produced by TetraQuad)
Its a website app for hiring system
1.use main color as black
Our website should looks better and classic business looks.Like website Darkroom.com
2.Main page:In main or landing page, At top the dashboard in that,At top left the logo with color #458E83 and color website name Hirica,At right to the login for recuiter and login for job seeker, In main body: useful of this website, why need to use and like that fill things which decribe our website. Add photo content wisely. Also we have given the logo hirica, so place it wisely.At bottom of the page, the about section of our website Hirica with email (hirica.tetraquard@gmail.com).
3.Signin page:signin with email and password or via google, signup or create account option.
Signup page for recuiter:Signup with appropriate information which needed like (company name, email, role, password and whats all needed)
Signup page for job seeker:Signup with appropriate information which needed like Name, email(checks it valid or not), phone number,github(opt), linkendln(opt), password and whats all needed)
4.Recuiter dashboard page:In that,recuiter have options for add job, manage jobs,previous jobs or job history, review,pending works, job seekers who apply for their job etc... (Might missed things, as per requirements you can ads). Then, the stats of how much jobs they added, how much job seeker applied, taked, analytics of the recuiter like that.At top right, option for profile and notification. In profile page, There would be complete setup for to fill by the recuiter after finishing this only he can add jobs or operate anything.
5.Add job page:The recuiter can fill details of jobs with:Role/destination, location, full/part/internship, required degree, level, last or expire date(after expire date the job should automatically deleted), job description, requirements, responsibility, skills after filling it should be add.
Then they can see in their dashboard of the jobs they are added
6.Manage jobs page:The recuiter can see all the jobs they are added, here they can modify that. By each job there should be option for edit the job, delete, deactive or pause. In edit they can edit whatever in job, if delete the job should be deleted in every where ,When recruiter deletes a job, warn: “This will also delete all associated applicants and test data. deactivate or pause its do deactive until recuiter resume it.
Now the process is in job seeker
7.Job seeker dashboard:At top right, otion for profile and notification. In profile page, There would be complete setup for to fill by the jobseeker after finishing this only he can apply jobs or operate anything.There should be a space for resume to upload also.
8.Job seeker page:options for browse job, pending, applied, test finished. Also the stats of jobs applied, pending, finished. Recents, suggestions of jobs etc ..(Might missed things, as per requirements you can ads).along with that the job suggestion and recents
9.Browse jobs:The search bar to search the required job for job seeker. In main, there would be the jobs which the all recuiter added to our website. The job seeker can select the required one, then the page with full details of job which recuiter added.If he interest he can apply for test assessment there would be option for that, while applying, he need to give a cover letter also. If he applied for any jobs, then the message will be sent to recuiter after recuiter approval only he can take test.
