10.Back to recuiter dashboard page
Recuiter can see the all job seeker who all applied for their various jobs.Now recuiter can view the options at right end along with job.
By clicking it, there option of resume, where by clicking recuiter can see the resume of the job seeker who applied for that job.After that two options would be there, 1.Generate assessment 2.Reject. If the recuiter is not happy by resume of job seeker and he think he is not eligible, then he can reject job seeker from taking test and jobseeker cant take test.
11.MAIN PART:By clicking generate assessment, it will give another interface. In that it will generate the test assessment questions and tasks which required to ask the jobseeker for the specified job. The ai tool which faster and excellence, will generate the tasks and questions for the job by referring the skills, responsibly, requirements and the all things in that job application.The tasks or questions will be required things for the job, about the required skills, not like nowadays, like the questions or tasks from outdated syllabus, or not useful in entire job questions The tasks and questions and also the time and the rule for each questions will be vary and specified to each questions. The tasks and questions can be multiple choice, text, code,role specific tasks,live coding or projects,small project which can be done by hours, big project which can be done by hours to days. There should be unique and changed assessment for one job like if two job seeker apply for the same job they should be get different tasks and questions.
12.The assessment generated page:now its in recuiter pages only, after clicking generate assessment the page which assessment questions will be generated in that page. For each questions or tasks there will be options
1.edit/regenerate:if it clicks our ai need to change or modify that questions or tasks which should be better than oldest and required for the job.
2.delete:Option to delete that question from the assessment.
3.Time:our ai already fixed the time for each questions by required things, if recuiter need to change then they can use this option.
4.Rules:By our anti cheating system, our ai will be fixed the rules for each questions. Of recuiter needs to change then they can use this option.
Rules include:
Copy/paste allowed or disallowed
Tab switching allowed or disallowed
If tab switching allowed using ai tools or other website allowed or disallowed
Minimizing screen allowed or disallowed
Webcam allowed or disallowed
Right click allowed or disallowed
Inspect, screenshot allowed or disallowed
Webcam is also optional
So there would be options for recuiter to select the rules for each questions
(Ultimate Anti-Cheating Strategy for Online Tests
1. Disable Copy-Paste, Right-Click, and Inspect
Prevent candidates from copying questions or pasting answers:
2. Enable Proctoring (via Webcam + Screenshots)
 3. Detect Tab Switching or Focus Loss
4. IP, Device & Browser Fingerprinting
 5. Use AI-Generated, Unique, and Dynamic Questions
6. Auto-Save with Timers and Submission Lock
7. Encrypted Tests + Backend Validation
8. Live/Recorded Proof of Work 
9.Use the webcam to detect eye movement or face direction:
If they keep looking left/right (at their phone), trigger a warning.
Use ML-based gaze detection or image frame comparison.
Optional: Require face always in frame, log:
Multiple faces
No face
Head turns away repeatedly
10. Phone Detection Warning via Webcam.
11.Live-Variant Adaptive Questions
12.  Full Screen Enforcement + Tab Focus
13.  Browser Lockdown Tools (Optional for Advanced Use)
Like this if job seeker do any malpractice first we can give warning, the we can reduce the mark from results or stop test and make as disqualified.
There should a option to add question, which recuiter can give the questions or tasks by their own. They can choose what type first, multiple choice, text, code. If multiple choice the require should give the options also.
13.In that page only there would be two more things like Small project and Big project. It can select the whether it need or not,if recuiter needs only. Recuiter can select bith project needed, both not needed, anyone needed needed like that.Our ai tools will be genrate the question for both projects, the things is there would be another option to recuiter to give the topic or questions by their own to the projects.in project also the recuiter have two option to modify the rules and time.Project-Based Task Options (If Recruiter Allow:while approving tasks, ask recruiters: “Do you want to include a project-based task?”
If yes, show 2 options:
1. Short-term projects — only about small topic which will be out of one code.to be submitted within the test window ( hours).
2. Extended projects —it would be submit as zip file after taking and submitting assessment. to be submitted in a few days (hours-days), with recruiter-approved deadline.
Add backend rules to accept and validate late project submissions based on recruiter configuration.
Custom vs AI Project Topics
Ask recruiter: “Do you want to specify the project topic?”
If yes: allow custom text/topic upload.
If no: proceed with AI-generated project based on job data (skills, requirements).
